No.
Let us learn how to find order the complexity from the program.
Gawd.
So when you analyzed the program go we get a proper function.
Bind function.
So how do we get the time functions.
We will learn about this.
So for explaining I have taken 3 example program codes that is three functions I have taken knowhow
to analyze.
We assume that every simple statement in a function or a program takes one unit of time.
What does it mean by simple statement.
The statement may be having automatic operations assignment or a conditional statement if it is more
complex than we have to study that also in detail.
So let us see how to get the buying function and how to find the bank complexity.
So first I will take this one.
This is our function taking two parameters and interchanging the values of x and y.
What other statement is inside this.
These are the three statements.
How much time each segment takes one period of time because it is just an assignment.
So total time is 3.
So the function of N as a 3.
So we got the same function as 3.
So that tree's constant order of 1 why it is constant.
Because the degree of N S 0 here treatments 3 in 2 and the report 0 0 that is the meaning.
So anything over 0 0 is written as what 1.
So it is constant.
So this was a simple function and it is taking constant so it's not a proper C function.
I have not done data bytes and all this a pseudo code I have written.
Now this is exactly legacy functions.
Let us look at this one Now here let us look at the statement.
The statement assignment one year of pain then assignment condition assignment.
This is plus plus increment just an operator.
But is it executor just one time.
No.
This is Lou.
These a statement will execute for end times.
See if you know for loop this will execute for one time initial and this increment will happen four
times.
Condition also end times but one time the condition will fail so it will stop.
So this is total and plus 1 so we can ignore all other and take just and plus 1.
So just for loop we are looking at this one just for loop isn't this one.
Let us say I am taking this in plus 1 then you can ask me why you are leaving this one and this one
okay.
If you want to include then it should be 2 and plus 1.
That is a choice but mostly we find like this in textbooks every author says this will mostly be focused
on this conditional statement.
So I'm writing the conditional statement otherwise if you sum up all this this is still times of endless
flood.
The next what is there insight.
This is statement as a simple assignment and arithmetic operation Ed..
How many times as long as Lucas funding how many times Luke.
Children and times.
This is an do not last Read on as how many times this will execute just one time so total how much.
I find the sum of all these two names and so the time function is to end plus one two three to industry
does the pain function we got and what is the degree of this polynomial.
This is order of any degree 1 so right.
And now for the time sort of not only in the previous video I have shown you that when you have a for
loop which just repeating for end times going from zero to n and a plus plus every time it's obviously
n.
So even when I have check each and every line also.
Final answer is order of.
And that's what if you focus on the processing then you can directly get dancer.
This fun if you are interested in this function then you can get it lined well then you analyze and
get it.
So let us see the procedure actually.
This is Sum of All and elements in an array sum of all elements and elements in the nanny.
How much time it would take it depends on number of elements how many elements are there any elements
timing so much are different.
Simple but like doing line by line it needs little practice.
Okay so I have shown you two examples.
So based on this you can practice and find out the time from the code also.
Now the last one remaining is this fun.
Let us find out the time so I'll remove that.
Now this one this is a for loop.
As I said this will take endless one time so endless 1 times the execution will happen not anything
inside loop will execute 4 and times every statement.
So what is there inside this loop.
This one is there.
This one and this one so I have finished it outer loop of the loop is over not inside.
That is not a normal simple statement just like this normal simple statement I have taken in for this
also have taken and then.
But if you look at this this is also a loop.
Then what about its time.
The time for this one is how many times the condition is checked.
Endless one.
So this already.
And because it is in say disorder loop so shall I write.
Plus endless will not endure in this one nested loop as their nested loop of their right search and
be in and should be encode multiplication.
So this is in two and plus one then this is this is statement inside this for loop also.
So this local repeated four and more times so this is into n.
So that's it.
So if you want you can watch it again and find out how to do this one right now.
Finally we can prepare a function by function.
What is the time function and squared and square.
So two and squared plus and and two and plus one.
This is the bind function we got.
What is the degree to say it's order off and square in time is our friend square.
This is all from the time function we get the highest degree of a function and that we present it as
time.
Now I am calling it an order of if you are interested you can see big off and square or teed off and
square and Omega off and square.
But then to use these we will be learning at the end of the course that they said but by the time you
can even go in order of or even you can use Big Oil and stuff.
Order.
You can say Beagle like.
In my videos I'll be calling it as order of every time and had.
I'll show you one more example I'll remove these things and I'll write one a small example program and
I'll explain you so here is an example I have just taken a skeleton off to function function one in
function to.
Now if you want to find out the bank jobless I that said every statement we should consider does one
end of pain.
So how much time this function is sticking I want the time taken by this function only fund one only
right then what is that sight.
Just one line one year of time so it's constant wrong.
That's a function how much time that function is taking you find out that one don't say that statement
is one OK look at this one does having a loop so loop will take hold a rough and time so it's an so
the time taken by this function is not one that is actually in the same done the time taken by this
function is also n it's not 1 it's not 1 because it is calling a function which is taking order from
time so definitely that time will be spent by this fund one only so definitely that time also belongs
to fund one because fund one is using fund to fund who is taking order and time so that's all look into
the details of these statements and try to find out the time if there are simple statement you kinetically
right on the timing as one if it is complex then see what it is doing then build on that you can write
on the time so mostly loops are making the time as N or N squared or maybe n cube so mostly depends
on loops that you are using file loop for loop or y look they both are similar sometimes to this thing
that for loop.
Okay understood why loop how to do that so far look for this repeating from 1 when an incremental loop
counter can go loop then it is n if it is behaving in a different way then definitely you have to read
the code and understand maybe it is log and not a root and what it is you have to find out back.
Well that's all in this video we have seen the time functions by space complexity already I have explained
you in the previous video also space complexity also we can prepare a function so that all industry
you.